Support GITHUB_TOKEN for HTTP Requests to github.com for version command (#912)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/cli/configuration/configuration.mdx

  terminal:
    max_width: 120  # Maximum width for terminal output
    pager: true     # Use pager for long output

> core:
>   inject_github_token: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
core:
  # Adds the GITHUB_TOKEN as a Bearer token for GitHub API requests, enabling authentication for private repositories and higher rate limits.
  inject_github_token: true
```

>   inject_github_token: true

Reviewer: I change my mind. Let's move it from `core` to top-level of `settings`, so we don't introduce a new section.

    </dl>
  </dd>

  <dt>`settings.inject_github_token`</dt>
  <dd>

>     Adds the GITHUB_TOKEN as a Bearer token for GitHub API requests, enabling authentication for private repositories and higher rate limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here’s a more concise and clear version:

	Adds the `GITHUB_TOKEN` as a Bearer token for GitHub API requests, enabling authentication for private repositories and increased rate limits. If `ATMOS_GITHUB_TOKEN` is set, it takes precedence, overriding this behavior.
```

>     Adds the GITHUB_TOKEN as a Bearer token for GitHub API requests, enabling authentication for private repositories and higher rate limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Adds the `GITHUB_TOKEN` as a Bearer token for GitHub API requests, enabling authentication for private repositories and increased rate limits. If `ATMOS_GITHUB_TOKEN` is set, it takes precedence, overriding this behavior.
```

    </dl>
  </dd>

  <dt>`settings.inject_github_token`</dt>
  <dd>

>     Adds the GITHUB_TOKEN as a Bearer token for GitHub API requests,
> 
>     enabling authentication for private repositories and higher rate limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Adds the GITHUB_TOKEN as a Bearer token for GitHub API requests, enabling authentication for private repositories and higher rate limits.
```
